Awesome. Thanks for offering to help out.

So, here's how it works:

The website is at http://packal.org. Just head there and make an account.

I don't want to tell you much more about how the website's UI works, but I'd rather have you tell me what's hard to find so that I can make that better.

Currently, the server is running a bit slower than it will because I have quite a bit of the performance tweaks turned off for development purposes.

The Bundle ID needs to be set in the workflow file themselves because I used that to determine uniqueness. Make sure that you've set that before you upload a Workflow file.

So, when you upload a Workflow file, then it won't be available immediately. A cron job is executed once a minute that processes one Workflow at a time. The server takes the Workflow file, checks the integrity of the zip and then runs it through a virus scan. After that, it adds in some packaging information into the Workflow file itself (this is used by the companion Workflow that allows for auto-updating). If everything passes just fine and dandy, the Workflow is then made live, and the caches are cleared (I need to make sure about this last part).

After that, you should be sent an email letting you know if there were any error or if the Workflow passed through the processing script. The mail script works, but for some odd reason, it seems to be failing on me right now when I run the processing script through a cron job. I just figured that part out.

The files themselves are pushed to a Github repo to make things a bit easier on the server.

Do let me know if better instructions are needed, if any of the language is just plain weird, if there are strange quirks with the css or anything else that seems relevant for me to know so that I can fix, tweak, clarify, or implement.

Send me any questions that pop up. And thanks for helping out!

Also, a few quirks that have already been reported:
---
There might be a problem when validating the initial account. I think I fixed the permissions on it, but you might need to log out of the account before pressing the verify link in the email. Let me know if there are other problems with this (it might be the most frustrating).

Right now, the processing script isn't publishing new Workflows. They're on the site, and they're pushed to Github but they aren't made public on the site itself (I know how to fix this, but I just need to find a couple of minutes to do so: I have a dissertation prospectus due today, and I have to teach two classes tonight, so today is a bit hectic). Themes show up on the site immediately.

There is a question about ad placement (currently these aren't actual ads, and the ads are a pseudo-necessity to help me offset server costs. Actually, Andrew was the one who convinced me to put them on there). If you have suggestions.

I need to write better documentation about how to update workflows for workflow authors. (Also, updating workflows for the user will happen with a companion workflow that's about, realistically, two weeks from testing).

The login link is at the bottom right of the page. I've been told that it would be good to move it up to the top right (right now the top right seems cluttered, let me know if there would be stuff that could be good to move).

There are a few others. Send any feedback you want. Nitpicking things is fine and great.

---

-- Shawn